Practice Question
Q: 1. Write an assert statement that triggers an AssertionError if the variable spam is an integer less than 10.
Q: 2. Write an assert statement that triggers an AssertionError if the variables eggs and bacon contain strings that are the same as each other, even if their cases are different (that is, 'hello' and 'hello' are considered the same, and 'goodbye' and 'GOODbye' are also considered the same).
Q: 3. Write an assert statement that always triggers an AssertionError.
Q: 4. What are the two lines that your program must have in order to be able to call logging.debug()?
Q: 5. What are the two lines that your program must have in order to have logging.debug() send a logging message to a file named programLog.txt?
Q: 6. What are the five logging levels?
Q: 7. What line of code can you add to disable all logging messages in your program?
Q: 8. Why is using logging messages better than using print() to display the same message?
Q: 9. What are the differences between the Step, Over, and Out buttons in the Debug Control window?
Q: 10. After you click Go in the Debug Control window, when will the debugger stop?
Q: 11. What is a breakpoint?
Q: 12. How do you set a breakpoint on a line of code in IDLE?

Practice Projects
For practice, write a program that does the following.

Debuggin Coin Toss
The following program is meant to be a simple coin toss guessing game. The player
gets two guesses (it’s an easy game). However, the program has several bugs in it.
Run through the program a few times to find the bugs that keep the program from
working correctly.

import random
guess = ''
while guess not in ('heads', 'tails'):
	print('Guess the coin toss! Enter heads or tails:')
	guess = input()
toss = random.randint(0, 1) # 0 is tails, 1 is heads
if toss == guess:
	print('You got it!')
else:
	print('Nope! Guess again!')
	guesss = input()
	if toss == guess:
		print('You got it!')
	else:
		print('Nope. You are really bad at this game.')