Practice Question
Q: 1. Briefly describe the differences between the webbrowser, requests,
BeautifulSoup, and selenium modules.
Q: 2. What type of object is returned by requests.get()? How can you access the
downloaded content as a string value?
Q: 3. What Requests method checks that the download worked?
Q: 4. How can you get the HTTP status code of a Requests response?
Q: 5. How do you save a Requests response to a file?
Q: 6. What is the keyboard shortcut for opening a browser’s developer tools?
Q: 7. How can you view (in the developer tools) the HTML of a specific element
on a web page?
Q: 8. What is the CSS selector string that would find the element with an id
attribute of main?
Q: 9. What is the CSS selector string that would find the elements with a CSS class
of highlight?
Q: 10. What is the CSS selector string that would find all the <div> elements inside
another <div> element?
Q: 11. What is the CSS selector string that would find the <button> element with a
value attribute set to favorite?
Q: 12. Say you have a Beautiful Soup Tag object stored in the variable spam for the
element <div>Hello world!</div>. How could you get a string 'Hello world!'
from the Tag object?
Q: 13. How would you store all the attributes of a Beautiful Soup Tag object in a
variable named linkElem?
Q: 14. Running import selenium doesn’t work. How do you properly import the
selenium module?
Q: 15. What’s the difference between the find_element_* and find_elements_*
methods?
Q: 16. What methods do Selenium’s WebElement objects have for simulating mouse
clicks and keyboard keys?
Q: 17. You could call send_keys(Keys.ENTER) on the Submit button’s WebElement
object, but what is an easier way to submit a form with Selenium?
Q: 18. How can you simulate clicking a browser’s Forward, Back, and Refresh
buttons with Selenium?

Practice Projects
For practice, write programs to do the following tasks.

Command Line Emailer
Write a program that takes an email address and string of text on the command
line and then, using Selenium, logs into your email account and sends an email of
the string to the provided address. (You might want to set up a separate email
account for this program.)
This would be a nice way to add a notification feature to your programs. You could
also write a similar program to send messages from a Facebook or Twitter
account.

Image Site Downloader
Write a program that goes to a photo-sharing site like Flickr or Imgur, searches for
a category of photos, and then downloads all the resulting images. You could write
a program that works with any photo site that has a search feature.

2048
2048 is a simple game where you combine tiles by sliding them up, down, left, or
right with the arrow keys. You can actually get a fairly high score by repeatedly
sliding in an up, right, down, and left pattern over and over again. Write a
program that will open the game at https://gabrielecirulli.github.io/2048/ and
keep sending up, right, down, and left keystrokes to automatically play the game.

Link Verification
Write a program that, given the URL of a web page, will attempt to download
every linked page on the page. The program should flag any pages that have a 404
“Not Found” status code and print them out as broken links.


[2] The answer is no.
